In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I have a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
♪ Miraculous! ♪
[yawning] Finally!
That villain was so tough!
[sighs]
-Good night, Tikki.
-Mwah! Sleep tight, Marinette.
[radio] Rise and shine, everyone!
Today is Heroes' Day,
-a day when you too can be a hero.
-Heroes' Day?
I forgot to plan my good deed for today!
And the fact you were up all night
saving Paris isn't a good deed?
No, Tikki, because that was a secret
and Ladybug's good deed.
Heroes' Day is when everyday citizens
perform a good deed for others' benefit.
Come on, Tikki.
-Dad! Mom! It's Heroes' Day today!
-Just like every year, sweetie.
I put one of every flavour in there,
for each of your classmates.
Can't get much better than that
in the good-deed department!
You guys are my heroes!
Ugh, Heroes' Day. We're already heroes!
Come on! Let's go back to bed!
Plagg, do you really have to eat that
so early in the morning?
The fencing hall is booked for 6:05 PM
and the Chinese classroom for 6:35 PM.
Remember you must make an appearance
at the Heroes' Gala tonight.
I'll be there, for sure.
If it were to fail,
I could never forgive myself.
You made a promise to your wife.
You've risked so much
for the chance to bring her back.
Lila's harboured rage
against Ladybug for months.
Today she'll see
the object of her hatred everywhere.
And, as predicted,
her anger will reach devastating heights.
-Your plan is perfect, sir.
-And you're sure you want to do this?
I will always be here for you.
We will succeed.
-Hello, everyone!
-Hi, Lila!
We can't wait to know
what you've been doing.
Tell us about your week in Atchoo!
It's absolutely amazing!
Prince Ali invited me and my parents
to his gorgeous palace!
Excuse me, but Prince Ali
couldn't possibly have invited you
because he is in the United States!
[laughs]
I never said he was actually there,
Marinette.
I just said he invited us.
His parents hosted the visit.
She's lying! And I'll expose her
for the fake that she is!
Oh, no, Marinette, not that again!
She's not a liar. You're just jealous
of Lila 'cause she tried to hit on Adrien.
Not true!
I miss you guys so much! It's so hard
being away on this magical trip,
so far from my friends,
and especially on Heroes' Day!
Aw!
Lila,
what good deed are you planning today?
Today, I'll be meeting up with Prince Ali
to show him an idea I came up with.
Marinette, Prince Ali is coming back
to Atchoo today, isn't he?
-Yeah, that's right.
-What idea is this, Lila?
-I'm sure it's amazing!
-Oh, it's nothing much.
My diplomat parents have helped me
convince the leaders of several nations
to agree to reduce world pollution
and I'm optimistic the prince will agree!
Oh, that's incredible, Lila!
Thank you on behalf of planet Earth!
Well, sure! Ladybug might save lives,
but doesn't care about the environment,
so somebody has to come to the rescue.
Ladybug would be very impressed
by what you're doing!
Thank you for your encouraging words.
I'm sorry but it's late here.
As you can see behind me, the sun's
already going down. See you soon!
Thank you so much for calling us, Lila,
and good luck with your project!
Bye!
-Who was that on the phone?
-Mum!
It was my boyfriend, Adrien.
He misses me so much
he can't stop calling.
-And school still hasn't reopened?
-No, it's too dangerous,
-with all these akumatizations!
-[phone rings]
Ah! There he is now,
your school principal!
Do not answer him!
He's been akumatized too!
Another poor soul
that useless Ladybug was unable to save!
[cheering]
All these akumatizations
are quite concerning.
I'll bring it up
at our next embassy meeting.
Ciao, bella. Your lunch is in the fridge!
-I'll try not to be home too late.
-Grr!
Lila's parents must be caught
in that typhoon overseas.
I can't get ahold of them!
It is now the hour of the Owl!
Hoo! Hoo!
Well, it won't be easy
living up to Lila's standards,
but let's not forget
we can all be heroes for this one day!
We may not all have
Prince Ali as a friend, but...
We do have imagination! Hoo! Hoo!
This year,
Ladybug and Cat Noir have been our heroes,
protecting us from Hawk Moth!
They've shown us heroism
is beyond comic books and fairy tales!
Heroism is real and it is up to you
to show how Ladybug and Cat Noir
have brought out the best in all of us,
by being everyday heroes!
So, what heroic deeds
have you all planned? Nino?
I gotta admit, I never used to do
anything for anyone before,
but Ladybug and Cat Noir showed me
what being cool's really about!
So, this year, I'll visit the elderly
down at the retirement home
-and play them all their favourite songs!
-[cheering]
Adrien?
I've planned to give my fencing classmates
a lesson in Chinese
and my Chinese classmates
a lesson in fencing!
-Alya?
-Last year, I wrote an article
about providing disabled access.
But after seeing Ladybug and Cat Noir
going that extra mile, every single day,
I decided I could do better!
So I got the Mayor to improve facilities
so handicapped kids can attend our school!
-What about you, Marinette?
-Uh... so, I... yeah...
I have... macarons.
Wow, like every year?
You obviously went above and beyond,
Dupain-Cheng.
Hey! She did what she could.
It's better than nothing!
Hey! I am doing something!
Now that I'm a superhero myself,
I'll be signing autographs
for anyone who wants one!
Wait! It's not just macarons for us!
I'm actually organising
a schoolwide macaron tasting!
-Oh!
-Yeah.
And there'll be more than just macarons.
There'll be pastries, pies, fruits,
and cakes!
I invite everybody to the biggest
tasting ever at the park tonight!
-Cakes for everyone!
-Yeah!
Oh, wow... that's...
not the same as every year, Marinette.
How about just half, then?
500 macarons, 100 pies,
300 buns and a thousand croissants.
That should be enough!
If I didn't have this giant Ladybug cake
to finish by tonight,
I'd gladly rise to the challenge.
But there's simply no way I can do both.
I've committed myself, Marinette.
I can't let the Mayor down!
I committed myself way over my head, and
now I'm going to let my whole class down!
It's not too late to tell them the truth.
Your friends will understand.
But it won't be very... heroic.
Yes, it will. Being brave enough
to face one's mistakes is heroic.
You're right. If I get to it right away,
I'll have enough time
to make the macarons by myself!
Sir, Adrien has a special request.
He'd like to go to a picnic tonight.
Fine. The plan is already in motion.
Soon, Paris will mourn their heroes.
Liar! Traitor! Coward!
In honour of the wonderful Ladybug,
who has saved my son, Adrien, and myself,
and who relentlessly protects us everyday,
I have financed this tribute to Ladybug.
Because Ladybug is the only true hero,
unlike her mediocre imitations,
such as Volpina!
[gasps]
I hate you, Ladybug!
It will air
on all Paris TV channels today!
You were right, Nathalie.
It's all going according to plan.
Nooroo, dark wings rise!
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise the one who's been awaiting
your return for so long!
[gasps]
-Volpina...
-Hawk Moth!
Your dreams were once a reality until
Ladybug turned them into a nightmare!
Regain your power of illusion
and make this Heroes' Day
a nightmare for all Parisians!
With great pleasure, Hawk Moth!
Look at all these Parisians,
so happy to be parading
in honour of their heroes.
Look, Mommy! Ladybug looks weird!
Sweetie, that's not Ladybug, that's...
Ladybug?
[evil laugh]
Move out of the way!
She's been akumatized!
Ha, ha, ha! Is that fear I smell, Kitty?
If you're looking for trouble,
you found it!
Ladybug and Cat Noir are fighting.
This is incredible, ladies and gentlemen!
It's over, my sweet little kitty.
Give me your Miraculous!
If Hawk Moth wants a ring,
he can make one himself!
It's not nice to deny a request
from a friend of a friend!
We probably won't be friends again
until you're de-akumatized!
Meanwhile,
I have a nice gift for Hawk Moth!
A very cool... Cataclysm!
Cataclysm to you, too!
[evil laugh]
I've won! Hawk Moth has won!
Fear, people of Paris!
There's no one left to protect you!
Is Ladybug a baddie now?
So much sadness. So much disappointment.
I can feel the chasm of despair and fear
about to open and swallow up
every single Parisian!
Dear Volpina, you've performed
your role well for the time being.
We will meet again, very soon.
I'll be waiting, Hawk Moth!
[sobbing]
Are you ready, Nathalie?
They've been keeping you
from your dream for too long.
I will go to any length
to end the reign of Ladybug and Cat Noir!
Good.
Catalyst, you have always been
my most loyal supporter.
I give you the ability to boost powers!
Hawk Moth, I give you the power
to release as many akumas as you desire!
From now on,
you are the almighty Scarlet Moth!
Fly away, my little akumas!
Find the Parisians as they despair
over Cat Noir and Ladybug's final hour
and evilise each and every one of them!
I've got 32 minutes left.
At a rate of ten macarons per minute,
that works out to... Aaah!
One big fail. Argh! Tikki, help me!
-Want me to go back and fetch more sugar?
-Why not transform me into Ladybug?
With a bit of luck, my Lucky Charm
will give us a giant electric whisk
or an ovenful of quiches.
I know. It wouldn't be
very hero-like of me to use my powers
just for my own purposes.
Just tell your friends the truth,
Marinette.
But that'll spoil the whole party!
Today's Heroes' Day, Marinette.
Nothing could spoil the party!
Well, anyone can get carried away
from time to time.
Marinette! My father gave me permission
to come to your tasting!
I... I... Huh?
-You didn't bake enough pastries for me?
-Oh, no, we've got plenty! You're so cute!
Uh... I mean, it's so cute... cool.
It's cool you can make it!
What's going on?
Cat Noir defeated. Ladybug in the clutches
of the terrible Hawk Moth.
This is Paris' worst nightmare!
Ladybug's defeated?
Nothing will ever be rock'n'roll again!
We'll have to cancel the concert?
You're right, Clara. There's no sense
in celebrating Heroes' Day either.
[commotion]
-Aaah!
-That is horrible!
Oh, no!
Dear viewers, what does make sense
is getting ready for the coming of...
Our new lead rock star...
Scarlet Moth!
[gasp]
Oh!
It's OK. No need to panic.
I know what I have to do!
No! No! No!
Mylène!
No!
This is bad.
-Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
-Real bad! Aaah!
Don't let fear control you, Juleka!
Remember now,
there's a hero in every one of us!
As long as we show we're not scared.
Hoo! Hoo!
But I am scared!
That's it!
We can't let fear get the better of us!
It worked!
Nora, whatever you do, don't let fear
get ahold of you, you got me?
Fear? Ha!
-Little sister, fear is afraid of me!
-Yeah!
Too many have been akumatized!
It'd be foolish to try to fight them all.
We must go see Master Fu right away!
Tikki, spots on! Yeah!
Grr!
Roar!
Good, Gorizilla!
Whatever happens, do not release Adrien.
His safety is your number-one priority!
Now come to me,
my dear akumatized friends!
What are they doing?
Do not let her out of your sight,
Vanisher!
She's probably going to recruit other
superheroes to help her battle my army.
Without knowing it, she's going to
lead us to the Guardian of the Miraculous.
-See that? I barely destroyed anything!
-You're a true hero.
Plagg, claws out!
I knew it!
No more evildoing for you, little akuma.
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly.
Ladybug?
Is this really you? The real Ladybug?
-Of course.
-We all saw you akumatized.
You destroyed Cat Noir. Then who took
his Miraculous to Hawk Moth? It was...
An illusion.
[gasps] Volpina!
I'm going to tell them all
not to lose hope,
'cause the real Ladybug
is still going strong!
It is Heroes' Day, after all,
and I wouldn't miss it for the world!
Vanisher,
why have I lost contact with you?
Ladybug must have found you out.
But she won't be able to figure out
what I have in store for her next!
I always knew that Hawk Moth would one day
realise just how powerful he could be.
That day has come, Marinette!
Marinette Dupain-Cheng,
you must pick an ally you can trust
to fight alongside you on this mission.
Once the mission is over,
you will get the Miraculous
back from them and return it to me.
Take them all, Marinette!
There need to be
as many of us as possible!
No. In this case less is more.
I won't have time to explain everything.
I need allies who already know
what needs to be done.
If I may, Master?
So you want the Miraculouses, Hawk Moth?
Then that's what you're gonna get!
-Cat Noir!
-No way I was gonna miss this party,
-especially with all these guests!
-How many?
One... two.. three... too many to count!
Hawk Moth's made
quite an army for himself!
It's just as well.
I'm planning to do the same.
-Milady!
-I've got a mission for you.
Oh.
When this is over,
I'll take you to the movies!
No, I'll take you to the movies!
Alya! Nino!
You guys like action movies, right?
-Ladybug? The real Ladybug? But...
-I'm sorry for what I'm about to do.
I'm revealing your secret identities,
but...
I don't have time
to give them to you separately.
Rena Rouge and Carapace, I need you both!
-You're Rena Rouge?
-Course I am!
And you never told me?
It was supposed to be a secret, right?
Trixx, let's pounce!
So awesome! But aren't you at least
a bit surprised that I'm Carapace?
My sweet, clueless boy! Just transform.
-Dude!
Wayzz, shell on!
Oh! I was starting to wonder
what was taking you so long!
What? Ladybug sent over her second fiddle?
Know what? I'm sure I can find Ladybug
a much better Queen Bee!
OK, OK! We're good!
Give it to me! We've got work to do!
What's the magic word?
Oh, come on,
everybody knows that it's "buzz on"!
-Uh, uh, uh!
-Oh. That magic word.
[sighs] Could you give me my Miraculous,
Cat Noir... please?
I'm sorry. I didn't get that.
Please!
Greetings, my Queen!
Pollen! Buzz on!
Why don't we fight already?
We won't be able to defeat them
if we don't know what they're planning.
Huh?
Good luck, Scarlet Moth.
Ladybug, Cat Noir, behold my powerful army
and have no doubt
that today belongs to Scarlet Moth!
Ha! I told you so!
If that flyweight's talking to them,
it means Ladybug and Mr Whiskers
are still around, on the good guys' side!
Yay! Ladybug! Ladybug!
Don't get too cocky, Hawk Moth.
I'm gonna sting you where it hurts!
It's only ten villains to every one of us.
Who wants Hawk Moth?
How about we toss for him?
-I got your back!
-No, I've got your back!
-No, I do.
So, what's the heroes' plan, Milady?